are you surprised that a feature film
hasn't been made about your dad in his
life yeah he's got cocaine hot chicks
sports cars bombed out buildings
Margaret Thatcher or Ronald Reagan FBI
agents and hardcore drug dealers allow
me to introduce the DeLorean
a number of people have been wanting to
do a movie of my life
I'm going to try to be delorean John
DeLorean was the leading man Hollywood
producers dream of and he was real he
was one of the maverick rows of his day
what the hell is this
that's the GTO you're ready to Tim he
married the world's top supermodel my
dad was at the peak of everything and
then in the car this is the DeLorean
Motor Company it's impossible to start
up the car company this is real
innovation and you've got the money for
this oh yeah John didn't have the money
we were heading for insolvency
John DeLorean is in jail this morning I
just found out a few hours ago I know
nothing
stability insanity left the household
when he got arrested when John puts all
the chips on the table is is you have to
play music Bob everything collapses
around her sector
you start to see another side of job you
did sell your soul
is either a beleaguered man
he was the greatest con man to ever come
down the pike
is setup an innocent man
when does DeLorean get to he could have
turned back how far would you be wrong
to go
to save your livestream
you